A brief description about mandelbrotset

what is mandelbrot set?
Mandelbrot set is a particular set of complex numbers which has a highly convoluted fractal boundary when plotted.A fractal is a curve
or geometrical figure,each part of which has the same statistical character as the whole. 

The Mandelbrot set has some special properties that make it quite interesting:
1.The Mandelbrot set is connected,that is,there's always a path from one point of the set to another point of the set so that
all the points in the path are also in the set. This means that there are no disconnected "islands".
(This property can be used to speed-up the calculation with specialized algorithms.)
2.The area of the set is finite (it fits inside a circle of radius 2; the exact area has only been approximated),but the length 
of its border is infinite.If you take any part of the border of the set, the length of this part will also be infinite.
This means that the border of theset has "infinite details", that is, you'll never find a place where the border is smooth,
with a finite length(when calculating the set with a program you can get images where it seems that the border is smooth, 
but that's always caused because a too low iteration amount and/or image resolution is used).
3.last property is that one can zoom into any part of the border of the set and always get something to see (as long as you 
have enough resolution, you make enough iterations and your numbers don't overflow/underflow).
Mathematically the set is defined to have a dimension which is larger than 2 but smaller than 3 (that is a fractional dimension,
hence the term "fractal").
The Mandelbrot set has also many visually appealing properties which are harder to explain. The border of the set is not random,
but the shapes formed by it are visually very appealing, usually quite organic-looking.The border of the set is also infinitely 
rich in details, which means that you will always get something new if you start to zoom to a certain point. The internet is 
full of images of the Mandelbrot set; they are countless.
it is a mystery as how the function,Zn+1=(Zn*Zn)+c can give such richness in details,One could suppose that this kind of formula 
would give either a smooth and regular shape or just random points.
application:
	They are useful in modeling structures in which similar patterns recur at progressively smaller scales,
and in describing partly random or chaotic phenomena such as crystal growth and galaxy formation.
